---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "apecloud Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# apecloud Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_url` (String) The API URL of KubeBlocks Enterprise.

### Optional

- `admin_api_key` (String, Sensitive) The admin-level API key to use for requests to KubeBlocks Enterprise. If not provided, the provider will use the organization-level API key.
- `admin_api_secret` (String, Sensitive) The admin-level API secret to use for requests to KubeBlocks Enterprise. If not provided, the provider will use the organization-level API secret.
- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The organization-level API key to use for requests to KubeBlocks Enterprise. If not provided, the provider will use the admin-level API key.
- `api_secret` (String, Sensitive) The organization-level API secret to use for requests to KubeBlocks Enterprise. If not provided, the provider will use the admin-level API secret.
- `http_client_retry_backoff_base` (Number) The HTTP request retry back off base. Defaults to 2.
- `http_client_retry_backoff_multiplier` (Number) The HTTP request retry back off multiplier. Defaults to 2.
- `http_client_retry_enabled` (String) Enables request retries on HTTP status codes 429 and 5xx. Valid values are [`true`, `false`]. Defaults to `true`.
- `http_client_retry_max_retries` (Number) The HTTP request maximum retry number. Defaults to 3.
- `http_client_retry_timeout` (Number) The HTTP request retry timeout period. Defaults to 60 seconds.
- `https_skip_verify` (Boolean) Skips TLS verification. Defaults to `false` means not skip TLS verification.
